The commitextractor.ini contains all configuration items for the commitextractor modules.

There is a section for the database connection, which is shared between the modules]
The other modules have each their own section.
Common to these modules are the follwing options:
* **loglevel** The loglevel for this module. This has to be a valid string representation of a loglevel (see https://docs.python.org/3/library/logging.html#levels) 
* **run_parallel** A number to indicate how many parallel processes will be started. With this it is possible to speed up the process if multiple project will be extracted. 
* **vorige_stap** Refers to the previous step that has been completed, as indicated in the process control module. See database.md for valid values.  

The following sections and options are available:

#### Section postgresql
This section contains the connection parameters to connect to a postgresql database. All options are required. 
This section is used by all modules
 **Options**  
* **host** The hostname or ip-adress where the database server is reachable
* **port** The port to connect to.
* **database** The name of the database to connect to.
* **schema** The name of the schema to use.
* **user** The username used to connect
* **password** The password for this user

#### Section load_ghsearch
This section contains all parameters to configure the import a json export file, generated by the GHSearch website.
The options are only used by the load_ghsearch script. The options _run_parallel_ and _vorige_stap_ are ignored in this module.

 **Options**  
* **importfile** The relative path to the json file which has to be loaded. The file must exist and be readable for the process. 
The relative path to the data directory is ../data
* **import** A single 1 to indicate that the import has to be done. After running the import the value is automatically reset to 0. 

#### Section repo_extractor
This section contain paramaters to control the functioning of the commitextractor. 

 **Options**  
* **list_extensions** This is a comma separted list of extensions, each extension starting with a dot. 
 All files with one of those extensions will be selected. Example: list_extensions = .go, .md, .exs, .ex 
* **list_files** This is a comma seperated list of filenames, each filename containing a relative path to the least nested level of the repository.
 For instance, pom.xml refers to the pom.xml at root level, var/build.properties refers to the build.properties file in the var directory.
* **save_before** Flag to indicate if the text before the change has to be saved. A single 1 to indicate that it must, 0 to indicate it must not. Optional, default is 0.

#### Section text_search
This section is used to find keywords in the diff file. It takes no special parameters.

#### Section diff_analyzer
This section is used to limit the found keywords in the text search.  It takes no special parameters from this section but it uses 
from section **language** the option **language**.

#### Section java_parser
This section is only needed to analyze java code.  It takes no special parameters.

#### Section process
This section contain paramaters to control the functioning of the commitextractor

 **Options**  
* **run_parallel** Required. A number to indicate how many parallel processes will be started. With this it is possible to speed up the process if multiple project will be extracted.

#### Section github
This section contain paramaters to call the github API.

 **Options**  
* **personal_access_token** Required. The personal access token you are using. See readme.md for instructions. 
